---
title: rabbit go spin
date: 2022-08-30
drawnon: August 29–30, 2022
notpng: gif
smolfile: gif
slug: spin
da: bunbun-go-speen-927751301
tags: wr
caption: |-
  Looping gif turnaround of a 3D low-poly rabbit-person, one hand on hip and the other raised as if shielding the eyes from light. (That's the intention, anyway....)
css: figcaption li{margin:.25em 0;}
---
{%include youtube.html url="QgFrerzrsoU" desc="<p>Silent video of the finished animation, then some behind-the-scenes nonsense.</p><p>The animation loops three times, then fades to black. After a pause, text abruptly appears: “bonus round: armature shenanigans”</p><p>The rest of the video records the entire Blender interface, with the model’s armature bones (parts that control movement) visible.</p><ul><li>Model gets dragged forward, back, up, around in loops, back and forth…. The hands and feet are rigid; it’s like moving a ragdoll but with those parts glued in place.</li><li>A foot bone gets swung around. The foot itself never rotates but moves as far as the leg will let it; the leg itself twists around.</li><li>Rotating a bone in the torso makes the model appear to crinkle in upon itself like a crushed can.</li><li>Rotating a different bone in the torso swings the whole body from that point up forward and back, like an inflatable tube near a car dealership.</li><li>Rotating a hand bone doesn’t do much. <em>Moving</em> it mostly pulls the arm, but the upper body also gets dragged along, and appears to “fold” flat at extreme angles.</li><li>Attempts to move other bones. Futile. After some fumbling, clicking a toggle in the Blender UI makes the torso twist back; text appears temporarily: “why does inverse kinematics Do This”</li><li>The hand gets pulled around again. New text: “i recorded for a long time and don’t feel like editing more”</li><li>“enjoy a tour of <em style='text-transform:uppercase;font-style:normal;'>raw bones.</em>” Model part visiblity is switched off part by part, leaving only the triangular default Blender bones.</li><li>Zoom in to the head. It twists around back and forth a little. Text: “*headbangs*”, followed by just that.</li><li>Model parts are made visible again. Some negligible bone rotation fumbling. Text: “you would think I understand how bones work now”</li><li>A foot gets dragged to the side. Then we’re back to torso twisting. “no comprehension. only <em style='text-transform:uppercase;font-style:normal;'>whrrr</em>”; the <i>R</i>s continue off the edge of the screen as the torso gets whirled around.</li></ul><p>End video.</p>"%}