---
layout: 1.1-gallery
subpage: gallery
title: self-critique for the soul
img: 2022-01-11
smolfile: jpg
permalink: /gallery/selfcrit
drawnon: January 11, 2022
da: self-crit-for-the-soul-website-thign-903564183
caption: "<p>A wall of comic on one side, thumbnails and crit on the other. Notes transcribed below.</p>"
---
Was thinking about dynamic angles and <a href="https://floobynooby.blogspot.com/2013/12/the-cinematography-of-incredibles-part-1.html" target="_blank">cinematography</a> and whatnot, wanted to revisit [the recent comic scene]({%include url.html%}/gallery/firstimpressions).

<details class="wrap"><summary>Full transcript (click here)</summary>
	<h2>self-crit for the soul</h2>
	<p>thoughts on angles, composition, and other “DVD” commentary, ft. chicken-scratch handwriting</p>
	
	<h3>[page 1]</h3><ul>
		<li>first panel was changed because the hand pulling back was unclear (back or forward?), but I like it angle-wise—[Joce’s] POV, [downshot]
			<ul><li>[This could theoretically still work in motion, but since it’s not in motion, it’s gotta go.]</li></ul></li>
		<li>[second panel] was supposed to be an upshot, finished background threw it off
			<ul><li>[point of the panel:] KL looking up at J, who’s distant/not fully facing her</li>
			<li>BG wasn’t suuuper necessary tbh</li></ul></li>
		<li>2 beats [at the end]: Joce dramatically monologuing, humorous interruption
			<ul><li>flat angle works for humor, kinda <em>meh</em> on the first [preceding panel]?</li>
			<li>more closed in?</li>
			<li>[alternate version is] still flat—front-on, just to make it not repeat the previous?</li>
			<li>[another alternate version] not even facing viewer? ~mysterious~</li></ul></li>
	</ul>
	
	<h3>[page 2]</h3><ul>
		<li>[page] goal: Joce is obviously bluffing—she’s not actually watching anyone (hence full focus on <em>her</em> last page), & no one is trying to attack first.</li>
		<li>[first panel is an] establishing shot—kinda plain? I like J+KL being “framed”/closed-in, though
			<ul><li>zooming out makes them smaller, but [I’m] not fond of the setting emphasis</li>
			<li>fudging J+KL’s proximity to the outside [in a third version], but J looks <em>more</em> closed-in, hmm
				<ul><li>this [curve formed by the setting] also guides [the eye] down nicely to next panel</li></ul></li></ul></li>
		<li>[middle row, panel] 1: KL looks outside. <em>Meh</em>—does the job, kinda plain?
			<ul><li>more J’s POV? with or w/o J on the side</li>
			<li>actually show people?</li></ul></li>
		<li>[middle row, panel] 2: I like this, still—J looks small, KL’s kinda side-eyeing her. (could tweak dialogue to make stuttering more intentional, tho—)</li>
		<li>[middle row, panel] 1: J lost in thought, [panel] 2: KL interrupts again, now physically
			<ul><li>this one’s fine—J sandwiched between KL + own dialogue—1 can be similar to sell the beat?</li>
			<li>idk it could be a close-up [on the left]. <em>tight focus.</em></li></ul></li>
	</ul>
	
	<h3>[page 3]</h3><ul>
		<li>[in thumbnails, Joce] was turned away? not sure why that changed—more clearly defensive now?</li>
		<li>kinda wondering if it’d be good to keep not showing KL’s face clearly [in the top row]? J’s not really <em>looking</em> at her yet.</li>
		<li><em style="font-style:normal;text-transform:uppercase;">This</em> [corner panel] changed because Too Many Words—<em>but</em> I think the new one keeps J closed-in even <em>more</em>, which is good</li>
		<li>[Joce ignores KL + is closed-in by her dialogue should work] in contrast to [the middle row:] big & open—slower, visual “<span style="letter-spacing:.5em;margin:0 -.25em 0 .25em;">...what the <em>fuck</em>.</span>”</li>
		<li>honestly I like this last part, nothin new to note.</li>
		<li>also this [last panel] is small/zoomed out for 2 reasons:
			<ul><li>comedic beat, emphasizes J’s “WTH” expression next page</li>
			<li>J isn’t really <em>aware</em> she’s staring like that. not <em>all</em> panels use this “what J’s paying attention to” idea, but I try to keep it in mind</li></ul></li>
		</ul>
	
	<h3>[page 4, AKA] Important Handshake Page™</h3><ul>
		<li>this [upper third] is alright—focus is on the expressions & motion, anything too varied could distract from that</li>
		<li><em style="font-style:normal;text-transform:uppercase;">This [last] row tho.</em> gave me isssues.
			<ul><li>angle was wonky when sketched out
				<ul><li>idk it looked awkward in detail</li>
				<li>entertained a side view—too similar [to the top panel] for no reason, didn’t want to focus on KL</li></ul></li>
			<li>wasn’t sure what J should be looking at</li>
			<li>ended abruptly; would be more apparent with a new scene on the next page</li>
			<li>original thought was [that] Joce was unsure why she gave KL her name, but that was kinda weird/tell-y. changed it to be more generically doubtful</li></ul></li>
		<li>finished version:
			<ul><li>condenses similar angle to less space, lets end line “linger”/“fade out”</li>
			<li>J’s “Mhm” closes the exchange, instead of cutting on KL’s intro</li>
			<li>vaguer end line = can mean a lot more (“[This] can’t [last]” why?)</li></ul></li>
		<li>+KL’s left hand [being added to the handshake] was winged, the size difference is A Lot</li>
	</ul>
</details>