---
title: August 2022
da: roundup-08-2022-shortest-roundup-EVAR-928145235
date: 2022-09-02
---
Short roundup is short.

Features a WIP for [the annoying bun game]({%include url.html%}/gallery/annoyingbungame) and an offshoot of [some expression practice]({%include url.html%}/gallery/reactions).

## linkage
- Limited palettes compiled by torddkin on tumblr, via <a href="https://www.colourpod.com/" class="ext">colourpod</a>; source has been deleted <a href="https://aflyleaf3.wordpress.com/2016/09/17/so-i-made-one-of-those-palette-challenge/" class="ext">so there's this</a>
- <a href="https://www.deviantart.com/samcatlover/art/Make-This-Face-Emoticon-Meme-BLANK-550369725" class="ext">"Make This Face (Emoticon Meme)" template</a> 

## from the description
> Ummmmmmmmmm anyway. About [That Update]({%include url.html%}/gallery/roundups/2022-06#from-the-description). It actually *has* happened (and definitely isn’t prematurely public because it got published alongside some quieter site fixes, <i>coughs</i>), but I don’t want to advertise it yet because I kiiind of turned ~25 colorscripts into, erm, *one-hundred eighteen*. I’m happy with the expanded result but also intimidated myself out of tackling the next round, even though it only took a couple weeks <span style="display:inline-block;">\o"/</span> Honestly at this point I could just post the rest of what I have, much as it’s significantly vaguer… We Shall See. I feel like the best possible thing for my art drive can be to keep my mouth shut and tell no one anything because then it is 500% internally-motivated with nary a crumb of external feedback-chasing, as I prefer, but *primal urge to share thing.*
>
> <em style="text-transform:uppercase;font-style:normal;">I digress.</em> Uhh, the idea spawned at the very end of November 2020, what if I used that as a quiet deadline for, if not publishing everything, at least *finishing* it? Like, a self-imposed school semester. Haha. <em style="text-transform:uppercase;font-style:normal;">UNLESS—??</em>