---
layout: 1.1
title: January 2021 artdump
slug: artdump-2021-01
category: artdump
---
A lot changed very quickly.<!--more-->

{%include figure.html class="pic" subcat="artdump" border=""
	img="2021-01-14"
	alt="early concepts of the main characters"
	caption="Characterizations were a different beast at this point. Also, I’ve never read <i>Komi Can’t Communicate</i>, but the way the ?protag’s hair is stylized is neat."
%}

By the 17th there were 4 characters. Attempted to get their vibes down in <a href="https://picrew.me/image_maker/457566" target="_blank">a Picrew</a>, and drew from there.

{%include figure.html subcat="artdump"
	img="2021-01-17-picrews"
	alt="comparison of the original picrew concepts vs headshots from scratch"
%}{%include figure.html subcat="artdump"
	img="2021-01-17-lineup"
	alt="initial designs & heights"
	caption="And with that, character #2 ceased to be taller. (Hex color screenshot from <a href='https://meyerweb.com/eric/tools/color-blend/#:::hex' target='_blank'>a midtone color blender</a>.)"
%}

Two days later, two new losers.

{%include figure.html class="pic" subcat="artdump"
	img="2021-01-18-picrews"
	alt="more picrew/scratch comparisons"
%}

And some meme art because of course.

{%include figure.html subcat="artdump"
	img="2021-01-18"
	alt="then-unnamed main character: “the strong… must protect the meek…”. then-unnamed second character: “I went to medical school”; first: “what the fuck”"
	caption="Meek, <a href='https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/312/047/035.jpg' target='_blank'>sweet</a>, close enough."
%}{%include figure.html class="pic" subcat="artdump"
	img="2021-01-2123"
	alt="assortment of shitpost scribbles. First, “violence is always the answer because it’s funny;” second, “*5 minutes after getting kidnaped* So what made you choose me?;” third, “your honor, they simply hate to see a girlboss winning”"
	caption="source: first is a tumblr text post, original poster deactivated; second is <a href='https://twitter.com/innanetboyyy/status/1352402339567722497' target='_blank'>a tweet</a>; third is <a href='https://death2america.tumblr.com/post/639762989861502976/your-honor-they-simply-hate-to-see-a-girlboss' target='_blank'>also a text post</a>"
%}

Although this month isn't quite comprehensive, most of the interim is random headshots that I don't really like or think otherwise noteworthy, soooo Take These

{%include figure.html class="pic" subcat="artdump"
	img="2021-01-24"
	alt="assorted sketches of the main two"
%}{%include figure.html class="pic" subcat="artdump"
	img="2021-01-27"
	alt="assorted sketches of some other people"
	caption="Tracking down specific TikToks is an exercise in futility but <a href='https://www.tiktok.com/@not.even.emily' target='_blank'>here’s the person referenced</a>."
%}{%include figure.html class="pic" subcat="artdump" border=""
	img="2021-01-2831"
	alt="tumblr is a hellsite"
	caption="<a href='https://kibibarel.tumblr.com/post/639133486906785792/whats-a-good-cutoff-age-for-tumblr' target='_blank'>tumblr</a> is a hellsite"
%}{%include figure.html subcat="artdump"
	img="2021-01-28"
	alt="headshot redraw"
	caption="Redraw of <a href='/blog/artdump-2020'>that one headshot</a>, the first."
%}{%include figure.html subcat="artdump"
	img="2021-01-31"
	alt="colored sketches"
	caption="<em>Finally</em> some good fucking color."
%}

<p style="text-align:right;"><b><a href="{%include url.html%}/blog/artdump-2021-02">February 2021 →</a></b></p>