---
layout: 1.1
subpage: cast/white-rabbit
title: "“White Rabbit”: spoiler notes"
---
Real name is <span class="spoiler"><i>Emery</i> ("Em")</span>. Has one alternate design, seen in <span class="spoiler">flashbacks only</span>: <span class="spoiler">basically the same, but with a vest and fully human (not a trace of rabbit or white-rot</span>.

## episode appearances
- **[01]({%include url.html%}/story/01)**: After the challenge, <span class="spoiler">rises from below</span>. Later, introduces self to the alliance, and is allowed to join courtesy Addison.
- **[02]({%include url.html%}/story/02)**: Addison proposes a closer alliance. Later, <span class="spoiler">joins her recruitment party, and helps fight back rabbits at the Beacon</span>. Mentioned: <span class="spoiler">Addison thinks WR follows her underground but it's Caleb.</span>
- **[07]({%include url.html%}/story/07)**: <span class="spoiler">Is now leading the alliance. Approaches Joce to take Kay Lin.</span>
- **[08]({%include url.html%}/story/08)**: <span class="spoiler">Offscreen, asks Joce to check on Kay Lin. After Joce's report, takes her and others out rabbit-hunting.</span> <span class="spoiler">On a team opposite Joce during the challenge, but eventually follows her command to let go.</span> Subsequently, <span class="spoiler">is with Sequitur (a childhood friend) and Joce at the campfire, but leaves shortly after Kay Lin joins them.</span> Later <span class="spoiler">on a balcony, is approached by Kay Lin as "Em."</span>
- **[09]({%include url.html%}/story/09)**: <span class="spoiler">Is silent through Kay Lin's talk, and leaves without other acknowledgment.</span> <span class="spoiler">Joce confronts WR, who confirms her identity as Em and has Joce go to bed; however, wakes Joce when Sequitur and Kay Lin are found missing.</span> <span class="spoiler">Alongside Joce, searches for the two and fights off rabbits, while sharing her (Em's) side of the story.</span> <span class="spoiler">Upon finding Sequitur and Kay Lin, ignores Kay Lin's yelling to heal Sequitur, then carries them out as rabbits swarm. </span><span class="spoiler">Causes a cave-in, even when Joce refuses to leave.</span>
- **[10]({%include url.html%}/story/10)**: <span class="spoiler">Warns the alliance of Kay Lin as a dangerous, corrupting crazy person, and sends search parties for Joce; ignores Sequitur's hesitations. </span><span class="spoiler">Upon hearing Joce refused to return, leaves to find her personally.</span> Eventually <span class="spoiler">finds Joce nearly-cornered beneath the Beacon. When Joce refuses to be "saved," attempts to herd the rabbit to force the issue. Failing that, </span><span class="spoiler">nearly kills Joce out of frustration, but ultimately lets her go.</span> Immediately after, <span class="spoiler">bashes the rabbit's head in.</span>
- **[11]({%include url.html%}/story/11)**: <span class="spoiler">Seems to be hiding. Insists to Seqiutur she did the right thing.</span><span class="spoiler"> When they start to leave, a rabbit (implicitly WR) looms.</span>

## author notes
- Character inspirations lost to memory, if any? Mostly shaped as the story developed, rather than having a distinct identity from the getgo.
- **Song associations** are <span class="spoiler">"<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSYM3Z9B8Us" class="ext">2 Heads</a>" (pre-story) and "<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WVph5zlM5JA" class="ext">Stay In your Coma</a>"</span>
- Is effectively two underdeveloped characters smushed into one: #8, the obligatory final half of the last pair (and, bluntly, <span class="spoiler">death fodder</span>), and <span class="spoiler">Kay Lin's lost love</span>.
- I did not know for the longest time whether the <span class="spoiler">rabbit head</span> was a <span class="spoiler">transformation (unremovable)</span> or a <span class="spoiler">mask (removable, at least hypothetically)</span> or even a <span class="spoiler">non-diegetic visual motif</span>. I still don't have a Definitive Answer™, but it's absolutely not <span class="spoiler">purely artistic</span>.